Updated User Management, RBAC and API Ownership (#4236)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/basic-config-and-security/security/dashboard/create-users.md

Dashboard users have twofold access to the dashboard: they can access both the Dashboard API and the dashboard itself, it is possible to generate users that have read-only access to certain sections of the dashboard and the underlying API.

> Dashboard users are not the same as developer portal users ([developers]({{< ref "tyk-developer-portal/tyk-portal-classic/portal-concepts#developers" >}})), the user records are stored completely separately, and have different mechanics around user creation, management and access. For example, it is not possible to log into the developer portal using a dashboard account.

Author: ```suggestion
Dashboard users are not the same as developer portal users (a.k.a. [developers]({{< ref "tyk-developer-portal/tyk-portal-classic/portal-concepts#developers" >}})). The credentials are stored independently and have different mechanics relating to registration, management and access. For example, it is not possible to log into the developer portal using a dashboard account.
```
